Menu/context menu support (#468)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changes

> - Moved most of ProBuilder actions in the SceneView context menu and overlays when using Unity 2023.2 and newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ProBuilder actions to the Scene view context menu and overlays for Unity versions 2023.2 and newer.
```
